README.rst, before:

==============================
Introduction
==============================

.. contents::


Description
============

This package will add a viewlet on Images with links to edit an image on external webservices.

The activation of those services is controlled by settings in a specific control panel on the plone site setup.


Currently, we support only pixlr, fotoflexer and aviary.

You can view a `Demo <http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tCCJelVmYOE>`_.

Note that we integrate plone.protect to ensure a minimum level of security against CSRF attacks.


Credits
========
Companies
---------
|makinacom|_

  * `Planet Makina Corpus <http://www.makina-corpus.org>`_
  * `Contact us <mailto:python@makina-corpus.org>`_

.. |makinacom| image:: http://depot.makina-corpus.org/public/logo.gif
.. _makinacom:  http://www.makina-corpus.com

Authors
------------

- kiorky  <kiorky@cryptelium.net>

Contributors
-----------------


Repository
------------

- `GITHUB <https://github.com/collective/collective.externalimageeditor>`_

Commit message:

support for archetypes image fields

README.rst, after:

==============================
Introduction
==============================

.. contents::


Description
============

This package will add links on Images to edit them on external webservices.
It works for:

    - Archetypes image fields
    - ATImages

The activation of those services is controlled by settings in a specific control panel on the plone site setup.


Currently, we support only pixlr, fotoflexer and aviary.

You can view a `Demo <http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tCCJelVmYOE>`_.

Note that we integrate plone.protect to ensure a minimum level of security against CSRF attacks.


Credits
========
Companies
---------
|makinacom|_

  * `Planet Makina Corpus <http://www.makina-corpus.org>`_
  * `Contact us <mailto:python@makina-corpus.org>`_

.. |makinacom| image:: http://depot.makina-corpus.org/public/logo.gif
.. _makinacom:  http://www.makina-corpus.com

Authors
------------

- kiorky  <kiorky@cryptelium.net>

Contributors
-----------------


Repository
------------

- `GITHUB <https://github.com/collective/collective.externalimageeditor>`_
